README.md, before:

# MFOS-SVF
Eurorack adaptation of the MFOS "Oldie But Goody" state variable filter

This is a Eurorack version of a state variable voltage controlled filter by Ray Wilson of musicfromouterspace.com. At that site there is a state variable VCF listed under "Analog Synthesizer Modules" but this project is based on another, earlier design listed under "Oldies But Goodies" at http://musicfromouterspace.com/index.php?MAINTAB=SYNTHDIY&PROJARG=OLDIESBUTGOODIES/VCF/vcfstatevar.html&VPW=2087&VPH=905.

Wilson's design was for a module in his own preferred format, with ±12V and ground soldered to the board and panel hardware mounted to the panel and wired to the board. This version has a Eurorack power connector and has panel hardware mounted to a panel PCB coupled to a main PCB with most of the circuitry.

Included in this repository are KiCad-format schematics and PCB designs for the two circuit boards, as well as an Inkscape .svg file for the panel design and a KiCad-format "PCB" for fabrication of the panel by a PCB company.

MFOS state variable filter (earlier version) for Eurorack by Ray Wilson (original creator), Richard Holmes (Eurorack adaptation) is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License, except to the extent that Wilson's original rights take precedence.
Based on a work at http://musicfromouterspace.com/index.php?MAINTAB=SYNTHDIY&PROJARG=OLDIESBUTGOODIES/VCF/vcfstatevar.html&VPW=2087&VPH=905.

Commit message:

Expand upon roles of Wilson and Holmes

README.md, after:

# MFOS-SVF
Eurorack adaptation of the MFOS "Oldie But Goody" state variable filter

This is a Eurorack version of a state variable voltage controlled filter by Ray Wilson of musicfromouterspace.com. At that site there is a state variable VCF listed under "Analog Synthesizer Modules" but this project is based on another, earlier design listed under "Oldies But Goodies" at http://musicfromouterspace.com/index.php?MAINTAB=SYNTHDIY&PROJARG=OLDIESBUTGOODIES/VCF/vcfstatevar.html&VPW=2087&VPH=905.

Wilson's design was for a module in his own preferred format, with ±12V and ground soldered to the board and panel hardware mounted to the panel and wired to the board. This version has a Eurorack power connector and has panel hardware mounted to a panel PCB coupled to a main PCB with most of the circuitry.

Included in this repository are KiCad-format schematics and PCB designs for the two circuit boards, as well as an Inkscape .svg file for the panel design and a KiCad-format "PCB" for fabrication of the panel by a PCB company.

The schematics are closely based upon Wilson's original and are governed by licensing information at http://musicfromouterspace.com. The PCB layouts and panel design are new, by Richard Holmes.

MFOS state variable filter (earlier version) for Eurorack by Ray Wilson (original creator), Richard Holmes (Eurorack adaptation) is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License, except to the extent that Wilson's original rights take precedence.
Based on a work at http://musicfromouterspace.com/index.php?MAINTAB=SYNTHDIY&PROJARG=OLDIESBUTGOODIES/VCF/vcfstatevar.html&VPW=2087&VPH=905.
